Add coordinator.py to file structure explanation (#1895)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_file_structure.md

If your integration is going to register services, it will need to provide a description of the available services. The description is stored in `services.yaml`. [More information about `services.yaml`.](dev_101_services.md)

## Data update coordinator - `coordinator.py`

> If you want your integration to fetch data, and you want to use a `DataUpdateCoordinator`, you need to create it in `coordinator.py`. [More information about `DataUpdateCoordinator`](integration_fetching_data.md/#coordinated-single-api-poll-for-data-for-all-entities).

Reviewer: The guidance in `integration_fetching_data` is a bit more nuanced than this. There are multiple ways to fetch data including having the entity poll or having a coordinated polling when data is shared across entities.

Maybe something like:
```There are multiple ways for your integration to receive data including push or poll. Commonly integrations will fetch data with a single coordinated poll across all entities which requires using a `DataUpdateCoordinator`...```

Author: Thanks for this, this is definitely better 👍

If your integration is going to register services, it will need to provide a description of the available services. The description is stored in `services.yaml`. [More information about `services.yaml`.](dev_101_services.md)

## Data update coordinator - `coordinator.py`

There are multiple ways for your integration to receive data, including push or poll. Commonly integrations will fetch data with a single coordinated poll across all entities, which requires the use of a `DataUpdateCoordinator`.

> If you want to use one, you'll have to create it in `coordinator.py`. [More information about `DataUpdateCoordinator`](integration_fetching_data.md/#coordinated-single-api-poll-for-data-for-all-entities).

Reviewer 2: It's not required to subclass the DataUpdateCoordinator and it's not required to use a separate module. But we often recommend that.

Author: Thanks, made it a little more relaxed.

> If you want to use one, and you choose to create a subcass of it, it is recommended to create it in `coordinator.py`. [More information about `DataUpdateCoordinator`](integration_fetching_data.md/#coordinated-single-api-poll-for-data-for-all-entities).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use one, and you choose to create a subclass of it, it is recommended to define the coordinator class in `coordinator.py`. [More information about `DataUpdateCoordinator`](integration_fetching_data.md/#coordinated-single-api-poll-for-data-for-all-entities).
```
